---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "stackguardian_wf_output Data Source - terraform-provider-stackguardian"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# stackguardian_wf_output (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `wf` (String) WorkFlow Name
- `wfgrp` (String) WorkFlow Group Name

### Optional

- `debug` (Boolean) Whether to emit verbose debug output while working with the API object on the server.
- `id_attribute` (String) Defaults to `id_attribute` set on the provider. Allows per-resource override of `id_attribute` (see `id_attribute` provider config documentation)
- `stack` (String) Stack name

### Read-Only

- `api_data` (Map of String) After data from the API server is read, this map will include k/v pairs usable in other terraform resources as readable objects. Currently the value is the golang fmt package's representation of the value (simple primitives are set as expected, but complex types like arrays and maps contain golang formatting).
- `api_response` (String) The raw body of the HTTP response from the last read of the object.
- `data` (Map of String) After data from the API server is read, this map will include k/v pairs usable in other terraform resources as readable objects. Currently the value is the golang fmt package's representation of the value (simple primitives are set as expected, but complex types like arrays and maps contain golang formatting).
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `msg` (String) Message from API
- `outputs_json` (String)
- `outputs_str` (Map of String)
