---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "stackguardian_workflow_template Data Source - terraform-provider-stackguardian"
subcategory: ""
description: |-

---

# stackguardian_workflow_template (Data Source)

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "stackguardian_workflow_template" "example" {
  template_name = "my-terraform-template"
}

output "workflow_template_output" {
  value = data.stackguardian_workflow_template.example.description
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) ID of the resource. Should be used to import the resource.

### Read-Only

- `context_tags` (Map of String) Contextual tags to give context to your tags.
- `description` (String) A brief description of the workflow template. Must be less than 256 characters.
- `is_public` (String) Whether the template is public.
- `owner_org` (String) Organization the template belongs to.
- `runtime_source` (Attributes) Runtime source configuration for the template. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--runtime_source))
- `shared_orgs_list` (List of String) List of organizations the template is shared with.
- `source_config_kind` (String)
- `tags` (List of String) A list of tags associated with the workflow template. A maximum of 10 tags are allowed.
- `template_name` (String) Name of the workflow template.
- `template_type` (String) Type of the template.
- `vcs_triggers` (Attributes) VCS trigger configuration for the template. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vcs_triggers))

<a id="nestedatt--runtime_source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runtime_source`

Read-Only:

- `config` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--runtime_source--config))
- `source_config_dest_kind` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--runtime_source--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runtime_source.config`

Read-Only:

- `auth` (String, Sensitive)
- `git_core_auto_crlf` (Boolean)
- `git_sparse_checkout_config` (String)
- `include_sub_module` (Boolean)
- `is_private` (Boolean)
- `ref` (String)
- `repo` (String)
- `working_dir` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--vcs_triggers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vcs_triggers`

Read-Only:

- `create_tag` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vcs_triggers--create_tag))
- `type` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--vcs_triggers--create_tag"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vcs_triggers.create_tag`

Read-Only:

- `create_revision` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vcs_triggers--create_tag--create_revision))

<a id="nestedatt--vcs_triggers--create_tag--create_revision"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vcs_triggers.create_tag.create_revision`

Read-Only:

- `enabled` (Boolean)





