---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "stackguardian_connector_vcs Resource - terraform-provider-stackguardian"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
---

# stackguardian_connector (Resource)

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "stackguardian_connector" "aws-cloud-connector-example" {
  resource_name = "aws-rbac-connector"
  description   = "AWS Cloud Connector"

  settings = {
    kind = "AWS_RBAC"

    config = [{
      role_arn         = "arn:aws:iam::209502960327:role/StackGuardian"
      external_id      = "wicked-hop:ElfygiFglfldTwnDFpAScQkvgvHTGV "
      duration_seconds = "3600"
    }]
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->

## Schema

### Required

- `resource_name` (String) The name of the connector. Must be less than 100 characters. Allowed characters are ^[-a-zA-Z0-9_]+$
- `settings` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--settings))

### Optional

- `description` (String) A brief description of the connector. Must be less than 256 characters.
- `discovery_settings` (Attributes) Settings for discovery insights related to the connector. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--discovery_settings))
- `tags` (List of String) A list of tags associated with the connectors. Up to 10 tags are allowed.

<a id="nestedatt--settings"></a>

### Nested Schema for `settings`

Required:

- `config` (Attributes List) Configuration settings for the connector's secrets (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--settings--config))
- `kind` (String) The type of connector<br>
  Values with supported config fields:
  - <span style="background-color: #eff0f0; color: #e53835;">GITHUB_COM</span>
    - github_com_url
    - github_http_url
  - <span style="background-color: #eff0f0; color: #e53835;">GITHUB_APP_CUSTOM</span>
    - github_app_client_id
    - github_app_client_secret
    - github_app_id
    - github_app_pem_file_content
    - github_app_webhook_secret
    - github_app_webhook_url
  - <span style="background-color: #eff0f0; color: #e53835;">AWS_STATIC</span>
    - aws_access_key_id
    - aws_secret_access_key
    - aws_default_region
  - <span style="background-color: #eff0f0; color: #e53835;">AWS_RBAC</span>
    - role_arn
    - external_id
    - arm_client_id
  - <span style="background-color: #eff0f0; color: #e53835;">AWS_OIDC</span>
    - role_arn
  - <span style="background-color: #eff0f0; color: #e53835;">GCP_STATIC</span>
    - gcp_config_file_content
  - <span style="background-color: #eff0f0; color: #e53835;">AZURE_STATIC</span>
    - arm_client_id
    - arm_client_secret
    - arm_subscription_id
    - arm_tenant_id
  - <span style="background-color: #eff0f0; color: #e53835;">AZURE_OIDC</span>
    - arm_tenant_id
    - arm_subscription_id
    - arm_client_id
  - <span style="background-color: #eff0f0; color: #e53835;">BITBUCKET_ORG</span>
    - bitbucket_creds
  - <span style="background-color: #eff0f0; color: #e53835;">GITLAB_COM</span>
    - gitlab_api_url
    - gitlab_creds
    - gitlab_http_url
  - <span style="background-color: #eff0f0; color: #e53835;">AZURE_DEVOPS</span>
    - azure_devops_api_url
    - azure_devops_http_url
    - azure_creds

<a id="nestedatt--settings--config"></a>

### Nested Schema for `settings.config`

Optional:

- `arm_client_id` (String) Client ID for Azure Resource Manager.
- `arm_client_secret` (String) Client secret for Azure Resource Manager.
- `arm_subscription_id` (String) Azure Resource Manager subscription ID.
- `arm_tenant_id` (String) Azure Resource Manager tenant ID.
- `aws_access_key_id` (String) AWS access key ID for authentication.
- `aws_default_region` (String) Default AWS region for resource operations.
- `aws_secret_access_key` (String) AWS secret access key for authentication.
- `azure_creds` (String) Credentials for Azure integration.
- `azure_devops_api_url` (String) Base URL for Azure DevOps API.
- `azure_devops_http_url` (String) HTTP URL for accessing Azure DevOps services.
- `bitbucket_creds` (String) Credentials for Bitbucket integration.
- `duration_seconds` (String) The duration, in seconds, of the role session. Default is 3600 seconds (1 hour).
- `external_id` (String) (String) A unique identifier that is used to assume the role in the customers' AWS accounts. Should start with org name followed by ":" and a random string. SG_ORG_NAME:ElfygiFglfldTwnDFpAScQkvgvHTGV
- `gcp_config_file_content` (String) Content of the GCP configuration file.
- `github_api_url` (String) Base URL for the GitHub API.
- `github_app_client_id` (String) Client ID for the GitHub app.
- `github_app_client_secret` (String) Client secret for the GitHub app.
- `github_app_id` (String) The application ID for the GitHub app.
- `github_app_pem_file_content` (String) Content of the PEM file for the GitHub app.
- `github_app_webhook_secret` (String) Webhook secret for the GitHub app.
- `github_app_webhook_url` (String) Webhook URL for the GitHub app.
- `github_http_url` (String) HTTP URL for accessing the GitHub repository.
- `gitlab_api_url` (String) Base URL for the GitLab API.
- `gitlab_creds` (String) Credentials for GitLab integration.
- `gitlab_http_url` (String) HTTP URL for accessing the GitLab repository.
- `installation_id` (String) The installation ID for GitHub applications.
- `role_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the role that the caller is assuming.

<a id="nestedatt--discovery_settings"></a>

### Nested Schema for `discovery_settings`

Optional:

- `benchmarks` (Attributes Map) Statistics for various StackGuardian resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--discovery_settings--benchmarks))

<a id="nestedatt--discovery_settings--benchmarks"></a>

### Nested Schema for `discovery_settings.benchmarks`

Required:

- `checks` (List of String) List of checks performed during discovery.
- `summary_title` (String) Title for the discovery summary.

Optional:

- `active` (Boolean) Indicates if the discovery is active.
- `description` (String) A description of the benchmark. It must be less than 256 characters.
- `discovery_interval` (Number) Interval for the discovery process.
- `is_custom_check` (Boolean) Indicates if the discovery is a custom check.
- `label` (String) Label associated with the discovery.
- `regions` (Attributes Map) Regions associated with the discovery. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--discovery_settings--benchmarks--regions))
- `runtime_source` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--discovery_settings--benchmarks--runtime_source))
- `summary_description` (String) A brief summary of the discovery.

<a id="nestedatt--discovery_settings--benchmarks--regions"></a>

### Nested Schema for `discovery_settings.benchmarks.regions`

Optional:

- `emails` (List of String) List of emails to notify about the discovery.

<a id="nestedatt--discovery_settings--benchmarks--runtime_source"></a>

### Nested Schema for `discovery_settings.benchmarks.runtime_source`

Optional:

- `config` (Attributes) Specific configuration settings for runtime source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--discovery_settings--benchmarks--runtime_source--config))
- `source_config_dest_kind` (String) Kind of the source configuration destination. Valid examples include eg:- AWS_RBAC, AZURE_STATIC.

<a id="nestedatt--discovery_settings--benchmarks--runtime_source--config"></a>

### Nested Schema for `discovery_settings.benchmarks.runtime_source.config`

Optional:

- `auth` (String) Authentication method for accessing the repository.
- `git_core_auto_crlf` (Boolean) Indicates if core.autocrlf should be enabled.
- `include_sub_module` (Boolean) Indicates whether to include sub-modules.
- `is_private` (Boolean) Indicates if the repository is private.
- `ref` (String) Reference identifier for the repository.
- `repo` (String) Repository name or URL.
- `working_dir` (String) Working directory for operations.

## Import

Import existing resource

### Using Import block (terraform v1.5.0 and later)

```terraform
import {
  to = "stackguardian_connector.example-connector"
  id = "connector-name"
}
```

### Using CLI

```bash
terraform import stackguardian_connector.example-connector connector-name
```
