---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "stackguardian_workflow_template Resource - stackguardian"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a workflow template resource.
---

# stackguardian_workflow_template (Resource)

Manages a workflow template resource.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `source_config_kind` (String) Source configuration kind (TERRAFORM, OPENTOFU, ANSIBLE_PLAYBOOK, HELM, KUBECTL, CLOUDFORMATION, CUSTOM).
- `template_name` (String) Name of the workflow template.

### Optional

- `context_tags` (Map of String) Contextual tags to give context to your tags.
- `description` (String) A brief description of the Description for workflow template. Must be less than 256 characters.
- `id` (String) ID of the resource — Use this attribute: <ul><li>Set the Id of the resource manually</li><li>To reference the resource in other resources. The `resource_name` attribute is still available but its use is discouraged and may not work in some cases.</li></ul>
- `is_public` (String) Make template available to other organisations. Available values ("0" or "1")
- `runtime_source` (Attributes) Runtime source configuration for the template. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--runtime_source))
- `shared_orgs_list` (List of String) List of organizations the template is shared with.
- `tags` (List of String) A list of tags associated with the Tags for workflow template. A maximum of 10 tags are allowed.
- `vcs_triggers` (Attributes) VCS trigger configuration for the workflow. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vcs_triggers))

### Read-Only

- `owner_org` (String) Organization the template belongs to

<a id="nestedatt--runtime_source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runtime_source`

Optional:

- `config` (Attributes) Configuration for the runtime environment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--runtime_source--config))
- `source_config_dest_kind` (String) Destination kind for the source configuration (e.g., GITHUB_COM, GITHUB_APP_CUSTOM, GITLAB_OAUTH_SSH, GITLAB_COM, AZURE_DEVOPS).

<a id="nestedatt--runtime_source--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runtime_source.config`

Required:

- `repo` (String) Git repository URL.

Optional:

- `auth` (String, Sensitive) Connector id to access private git repository
- `git_core_auto_crlf` (Boolean) Whether to automatically handle CRLF line endings.
- `git_sparse_checkout_config` (String) Git sparse checkout command line git cli options.
- `include_sub_module` (Boolean) Whether to include git submodules.
- `is_private` (Boolean) Whether the repository is private. Auth is required if the repository is private
- `ref` (String) Git reference (branch, tag, or commit hash).
- `working_dir` (String) Working directory within the repository.



<a id="nestedatt--vcs_triggers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vcs_triggers`

Required:

- `create_tag` (Attributes) Trigger configuration on tag creation in VCS (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vcs_triggers--create_tag))
- `type` (String) VCS provider type (GITHUB_COM, GITHUB_APP_CUSTOM, GITLAB_OAUTH_SSH, GITLAB_COM).

<a id="nestedatt--vcs_triggers--create_tag"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vcs_triggers.create_tag`

Required:

- `create_revision` (Attributes) Create new revision on tag creation (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vcs_triggers--create_tag--create_revision))

<a id="nestedatt--vcs_triggers--create_tag--create_revision"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vcs_triggers.create_tag.create_revision`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether to create revision when tag is created.
